Document manual application updates added in 1.11 (#2)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: manage-applications.md

## Update Applications

> Updating an existing application works similar as creating a new one. Each time an existing application is updated it is extended with a new version. All versions an application currently has are individually usable but only one can be available to users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updating an existing application works similar to creating a new one. Each time an existing application is updated, it is extended with a new version. All versions that an application currently has are individually usable, but only one can be available to users.
```

> When you want to update an existing application with a new manifest or APK, you have to provide both in the same format as when the application was created. The `amc application update` command accepts both a directory and an absolute file path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you want to update an existing application with a new manifest or APK, provide both in the same format as when the application was created. The `amc application update` command accepts both a directory and an absolute file path.
```

From a path:

    amc application update bcmap7u5nof07arqa2ag $PWD/foo

From a file:

    amc application update bcmap7u5nof07arqa2ag foo.tar.bz2

AMS will start the update process internally. You can watch the status of the new version with the following command:

    amc application show bcmap7u5nof07arqa2ag

> The output will show you detailed information about the application and all of its versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output shows detailed information about the application and all of its versions:
```

Marking an application version as published can be achieved with the following command

    amc application publish bcmap7u5nof07arqa2ag 1

Next to publishing an application version its already possible to revoke it

    amc application revoke bcmap7u5nof07arqa2ag 1

As consequence if an application only has a single published version and that version is revoked the application can't be used by any users anymore. AMS will still list the application but will mark it as not published as it has no published versions.

Each version takes space on the LXD nodes. To free up space and remove old and unneeded version they can be individually removed with the only requirement that an application needs to have at least a single version at all time. Removing a specific application version is possible with the following command:

    amc application delete --version=1 bcmap7u5nof07arqa2ag

The `amc` command will ask for your approval before the version is removed as it may affect your users. If you want to bypass the check you can add the `--yes` flag to the command.

## Disable Automatic Application Updates

> **since 1.11.0**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*since 1.11.0*
```
That's how it is used in other topics. Any objection to changing it to "*Added in 1.11.0*"?

> AMS will automatically update applications whenever any of its dependencies (parent image, addons, global configuration) changes. This will produce a new version for the application which gets also automatically published, if the `application.auto_publish` configuration item is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AMS automatically updates an application whenever any of its dependencies (parent image, addons, global configuration) changes. This produces a new version for the application, which is automatically published if the `application.auto_publish` configuration item is enabled.
```

> In some cases an automatic update is not wanted. To support this AMS allows disabling automatic application updates via the `application.auto_update` configuration update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, an automatic update is not wanted. To support this, AMS allows disabling automatic application updates via the `application.auto_update` configuration update.
```

To disable automatic updates:

    amc config set application.auto_update false

To enable automatic updates:

    amc config set application.auto_update true

> When automatic updates are disabled applications need to be manually updated for any changed dependencies. To do this can you use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When automatic updates are disabled, applications must be manually updated for any changed dependencies. To do this, use the following command:
```
